Romans chapter 14, the rest of the scriptures, chapter 20-23.
In other words, it is said, no food can destroy the city of heaven and earth.
The mortal world is near, but someone calls someone to fall down because of food.
It is his sin.
No matter if it is to eat meat or to drink wine, it is something else.
It is called the brother falls down and he should not do it.
If you have faith,
Let's pray.
Before we go into today's question, I will quickly return to what I said last week.
even if it is a true beauty, it is a promise that you truly have.
For example, in Jesus Christ, true freedom, if it is not beyond the framework and agreement of conscience and love, then it is very likely that you will not be able to handle it and turn it into a mistake.
If we hold freedom in our hands but do not understand how to use love to punish it,
We will make the sound more sharp and sharp.
If we consider the conscience as a public standard, everyone should follow my standard.
Then we will limit the capital in the capital.
the freedom that we should have, limit the witness of the church, and turn it into an external form of light.
Let's continue with today's sutra.
It tells us that, from the 20th to the 23rd verse, its tone carries a kind of pure and pure urge.
It reminds us that if there is such a thing happening in our life, whether we eat it or not, whether we should be married or not,
If you treat it as a small matter, it is the weight of the negative sound.
Let's take a look at the first section of the 20th chapter.
This sentence is very serious.
We have to stop at the details of the taste, and slowly think about it.
We can't take it lightly.
Because it reminds us of a profound reality, a spiritual reality.
What is it?
The problems that we are discussing, the problems that the contradiction has caused, never care about eating and drinking.
It doesn't care whether it's close to or not close to the rules of debate, the rules of words.
But the question is, how do we understand and see the work of God on the human body?
It's a process of soul-building.
Why is it called a process?
The whole of God's life is a process.
It's a process of God's grace and grace to people, to people who repent, to people who create, and to people who get salvation.
It's a complete salvation system.
He said,
is the point.
And how do you see this thing?
Does the importance of this thing exceed what you eat, what you drink, what you are supposed to eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not eat, what you should not
It is the Holy Spirit who is creating the atmosphere.
It is the God who has not finished the work and is working on it.
If we just want to satisfy our desires, to prove our position, to make ourselves free, not willing to let go, not willing to use love as a tool to purify it, then we may be sacrificed.
which is the loss of the soul.
You can't take any of your life as a stone that you can casually be suppressed by you on the road.
You have to cherish it, you have to protect it.
Bolo, let's first talk about whether food is close to the second sentence of the 20th century.
He said, the mortal is suddenly close.
In other words, from the essence,
It is true that the freedom to eat any food is there.
The confidence that has just been strengthened is that the freedom in the capital is not the freedom to imagine.
The freedom in the capital is clearly given to us by the capital.
It is true that we have this freedom in the capital.
This freedom of action itself is not enough to become a misunderstanding.
These actions will not violate the existence of God, but when will it become a problem?
The problem is that you don't use the heart of love to observe others' needs, causing others to create losses in the spirit.
That is the problem.
Then, Baoloba's reminder of the relationship between the human heart and the behavior, the third sentence in the 20th verse.
He said, but there is someone who falls because of food, that is his sin.
So it's very clear here.
You put the second sentence and the third sentence together.
The food itself is not a problem, but if you fall because there is no problem, then there is a problem.
So the standard of the capital is not a simple question sentence, can I?
But you should ask, how should I use this freedom?
In front of whom to use this freedom?
How to use it?
Is it to build a person or use it?
One thing is close to nature.
Once it is put into the hands of those who have no love, it becomes a bad thing.
One thing that is original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is loyal, one thing that is not original, one thing that is loyal, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is loyal, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not original, one thing that is not
It's like a kitchen knife.
In the hands of a mother, a father who loves cooking, it becomes a tool for the family.
But if it's in the hands of a murderer, it becomes a fierce weapon.
We need to understand that the crime doesn't always appear in the physical body, but in the person who uses it.
The food is not the crime,
But the people who eat and drink may commit crimes.
When I use my freedom to abandon love, push people to the ground, and crush the soft conscience, you will destroy the god in that person who is doing the work of salvation.
This way, the freedom in the capital has become a symbol.
It's not freedom, it's harm, it's not greed, it's loss.
It's loss.
It is good.
What does it mean?
It means that this is not a new law.
It's not the order that can't be eaten or drank forever.
This sentence is used in a relatively simple way.
It means what is good and what is stable love.
And what can be done to create people.
If you can do this, it's better.
This way of doing it can help the church grow, help people live a stable life.
So he said, it is good.
Therefore, the promise is not to increase the holy rules, not to make the old contract thicker, but to make the new contract thicker.
It's these irresponsible problems.
Don't turn them into irresponsible problems.
When it comes to dealing with these irresponsible problems, there's a way that's more like the capital.
When will the capital be more like the capital?
That is, willing to stay for others, willing to guard the border for the weak, willing to protect it, willing to protect it, willing to cooperate with it, willing to slow down my speed, willing to stop myself.
But at the same time,
and not to deny and abandon the freedom in the capital.
When a capital map is the most similar to the capital of Jesus Christ, it is to put down the power that Jesus Christ originally wanted to have at the crossroads.
When that moment happened, it was not the power itself that was wrong.
Instead, we deeply realize that the systematic process of building life is related to the soul of this person, is related to his eternal life, is more important.
It's not true.
It's true because love should have it, the status and quantity of it.
Love itself is true.
Cheng Shu's map will understand.
I didn't lose my freedom.
Instead, I'm willing to give freedom to love.
You don't want to eat a bite.
You don't want to fall down alone.
You don't want to let go of my power.
You don't want to hurt a person.
The mind that is still weak and not finished is being created.
These actions are basically in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way, in the way,
I am willing to not force you to accept me, I want to take out the space of love, let you be able to breathe freely in the capital, let you be able to stand firm in Jesus' capital, let you be able to slowly grow up in the relationship and scenery with Jesus today, not
I have freedom in Jesus.
我有自由我要享受我的自由那么最后这个教会没有自由如果一个教会里边每一个人都彼此顾念彼此让路彼此扶持会发生什么呢空间有了自由有了最重要的一点是主耶稣基督坐在宝座上主耶稣基督永居守卫
It's not our position.
It's not our hobby, our position, our freedom.
It's the freedom of the mainstream capital.
People are sitting on the throne.
Then, in the first sentence of the 22nd chapter, Baolou said a very practical sentence, and then a very bold sentence.
He said, if you have faith, you should guard in front of God.
If you have faith, English said,
Keep between yourself and God.
Between you and God.
That's one party to another party.
One-on-one relationship.
Chinese have to learn to respect others' boundaries.
Because respecting others' boundaries is the process of respecting the upper ground.
Our culture is easy to step on other people's toes, step on others' feet, and feel that it is a concern.
But look at this sentence.
If you have confidence, you should stay and keep this song between you and God.
Everyone should have this kind of relationship.
This is called individualism, personal relationship, and one-on-one relationship with God.
This is what we talked about before, accountability.
Is it possible that others can help you?
Is it impossible for you to help others?
It's impossible.
I'm telling you, parents can't help their children, husbands can't help their wives.
No matter how close your relationship is, all the final questions are one-on-one.
So we need to understand this point.
We need to learn to understand the process of the construction of the land.
We need to respect this process.
On the human side, we need to respect the human side.
At the same time, this sentence is absolutely not
we need to become mysterious and mysterious.
It's not like encouraging us to stop thinking and just shut up.
Don't say anything.
It's not like that.
Instead, it's reminding us not to turn your freedom into a public movement.
What does that mean?
The standard of me.
You have to be the same as everyone else.
This is a group of people who have changed from different bodies.
You have to blur out the boundaries between the different bodies and the gods.
This is wrong.
Don't treat it as a flag that can be used to travel.
Don't push it forward in the group.
Let it become a continuous struggle and friction.
Don't give a personal standard to others.
I think you should be like this.
You didn't do it.
You're sorry for me.
If you can truly enjoy the freedom of the heart of gratitude in a certain way, then you should lead your senior to enjoy it quietly in the presence of God.
Don't overdo it.
Just enjoy the freedom of your heart quietly.
Don't go to the places where those who are kind-hearted and considerate meet you.
So, you see, if I do this, why don't you do it?
You can do it, too.
You do it.
你安静享受你的自由 一对一 Keep it between you and God 就可以啦 不要刻意地制造张力 也不要把我敢做什么 我能做什么 当作是一种可以外化 夸要的资本 去炫耀 你看 我可以 也不要把它当作是一种 账良一个人属灵是否成熟的标词 你说
Then I can do it.
You can do it too.
You did it, you admit it.
You don't do it, you don't admit it.
What about the border?
Respect?
Where did the freedom of conscience go?
Love?
Right?
So, everyone, listen up.
Your freedom is to place it where it should be.
It belongs to you and the God.
It is a kind of relationship between you and God.
It is a relationship between you and God.
It
It's a very personal relationship.
It's a personal relationship between you and God.
Everyone is like this.
The soft one also has a relationship with God.
Respect that.
Honor that relationship.
You have to respect this relationship.
Please pay attention.
The 22nd chapter needs us to listen carefully,
You have the confidence to guard against the God.
He is the only one who is responsible for the problem.
That is to say, the Holy Spirit does not ask for everyone's conscience in the same way.
When he said, when you are in the relationship with God, you are actually allowed to appear in various forms.
How did each person interact with God?
How did he interact with God today?
The speed of the growth of confidence, how much it has grown, is allowed to exist in many ways.
That is to say, there are no different people, different backgrounds, because of our experience, because of our understanding, because of the length of time we live in, because of the differences in our individual conditions, and the diversity of differences brought all into the same model.
and locked into the same lock.
He never locked the same lock into every map.
He said, you can open the lock of each person with this key.
No.
One person is a lock.
The key is to give the key to the person.
You have your key.
You have your lock.
It's your relationship with God.
Don't use your key to open the lock of someone else.
The editor has played the role of God.
to destroy the construction site.
But at the same time, please pay attention to this.
Is it that Bao Luo is making a shelter for us?
So that people can hide the obvious sins in this way.
Why can we hide them?
I'm not going to ask.
I'm not going to say what I saw.
Right?
Because this is the relationship between him and the site, so I don't want to see it.
Is it that he gave us the space to commit crimes and became the shelter for us?
Of course not.
Please pay attention to the fact that there is absolutely no way to send a criminal to us.
Let the core truth of the seal be a private attitude, a private idea, a private opinion, a private way.
At any time, someone will say, I am like this, I am like this.
There is no such Xu Ke.
Do you understand?
God has already made it clear that what we are talking about is fundamental.
You can't say, I'm just like this, don't care about me.
You said I was wrong.
What do I have to start with?
Is there any discussion about the Holy Spirit, about the reformation of the truth, about the pursuit of the Holy Spirit, about the continuing witness of the teaching life, etc?
No.
should be criticized, should be criticized, should be controlled.
These things, you can't use one sentence.
The relationship between me and God is like this.
You can't be taken lightly by this sentence.
So, there is no way to prove to us.
It's not for us to create a criminal blockade.
Where is the key point?
The key point is whether you make the wrong decision or not.
must understand this point.
So what I just talked about is that all the content I emphasize again can only be used on the issue of non-primary.
There are a lot of similar examples.
The first step is to say goodbye.
Is this a matter of principle or a matter of non-primary?
Is there a clear rule in the Bible that tells us that we cannot do this?
If there is,
Let me keep that between myself and God.
I'm sorry.
The rules are not my rules, I'm not writing the Bible.
I'm just a transmission.
Right?
So we have to see clearly, don't use the wrong things.
For the principle problem, there is no choice.
The church must be loyal to the church.
The capital must be devoted to the church.
We must obey.
That's the way it is.
In other words, Paul is not saying, the important truth of the Bible and the Bible, you can't persuade people.
You can't go to the Aisin提醒员, you can't go to correct it, use Aisin to create people.
Of course, you have to answer the original question.
You don't even answer the original question, then you become a helper, right?
You are a accomplice, right?
Today, if you have a little friend, for example, we have an example, like Eli, like Aisa, this little kid is rushing to the highway, he is standing there, you see him.
You don't care?
I'm asking you, as a teenager, when you stand there and see this happen, a child is in danger, can you be silent?
I'm telling you, if you're silent, you do nothing, you're with the one who hit him, it's a crime.
So the principle is your problem, of course you have to talk.
Of course, you have to pay attention to the method, don't jump out of the frame of love.
So what is Baoluo talking about?
He said,
The principle question is to teach, to do with love, and not the principle question.
You can discuss the question, don't upgrade your personal freedom into a clear struggle.
You have to make the teaching group to avoid being dragged into your personal preferences.
This principle is almost applicable to all things.
You have problems in your life, right?
You have problems in the workplace.
You have to look at the principle question first.
If it's not a matter of principle, you have to use other methods.
If it's a matter of principle, then your attitude can be a little more firm.
Isn't it?
It doesn't matter if it's a matter of principle or not.
This is the beginning of our wisdom.
It's not just about teaching.
You can also use it in your daily life.
This is also the case between husband and wife.
Today, if someone is engaged between husband and wife, what kind of relationship does he have with another person outside the marriage?
Is this a matter of principle or a matter of principle?
This is a fundamental question, right?
But if today, your partner is holding hands with a will, saying, good day, peace, hello, hello.
Is this a fundamental question or a non-primary question?
Why is this non-primary question so important?
It can be used in your life.
We can open up our wisdom.
Therefore, in the unnecessary matter, don't use your freedom to suppress people, to force people, to challenge, to rush.
And in the necessary matter,
Don't say the truth of God.
This is my personal opinion.
You have to hold on to it, teach it, obey it, and respect it.
Don't say what is necessary is what is necessary.
Don't say what is necessary is what is necessary is what is necessary is what is necessary is what is necessary is what is necessary is what is necessary is what is necessary is what is necessary is what is necessary is what is necessary is what is necessary is what is necessary is what is necessary is what is necessary
In this way, it is clear that the witness of the church is the Lord Jesus Christ.
The Lord Jesus Christ's mercy will be received and the Lord Jesus Christ's honor will be received.
Let me tell you that the life of Jesus Christ should be like this for a hundred years.
The life of Jesus Christ should be like this for a hundred years.
The life of Jesus Christ should be like this for a hundred
It's because what I believe, in his belief system, in his rational understanding, in his rational understanding, he didn't make it clear.
That's why it's chaotic.
What do you call it?
Or the important thing is to let go.
To do the rules, to do the rules, to do the rules, you have to know the rules first.
You will not be confused if you follow his method of establishment.
What should you do?
Ok, then Baoduo added another sentence, the 22nd verse.
He said, the second sentence, What kind of person can not be responsible for what is not responsible for what is not responsible for what is not responsible?
Be I所灌满的良心就是不會被責備的良心這種清潔的良心本身就是一種真實而且寶貴的福分當你能夠站在神的面前行事而不被自己裡邊的控告所追趕不落在自責跟不安當中的時候你心中有文託有從聖靈來的平靜安穩與喜樂是不是上個禮拜講的
If you have these things, it will be a great inner release and relaxation.
Please pay attention.
This kind of blessing is not from comparison.
It's not that I'm more free than this person.
It's not that I'm more free than him.
What do you mean, ladies and gentlemen?
What is action and confidence?
The things you do are all out of confidence.
but not broken.
For example, the problem of the wire.
The wire of our church will always stick to two key words.
One is called free.
Another is called voluntary.
Free means that no one is forcing you.
No one is holding a weapon.
You have to be free.
You are free.
There is no external evil.
This is called free.
What does voluntary mean?
I'm willing to give.
Free and voluntary offering to the Lord.
If you are forced to do it today, that's not true.
Therefore, this is what Paul has always said.
What does it mean to be forced to do it?
You are a strong believer.
If you are forced to do it, he thinks it's a wrong thing.
But this behavior is not true.
It's just pressure.
Then he is guilty.
Do you understand, everyone?
It can be established in the opposite way.
When you do something, if your heart is filled with doubts, your heart doesn't collapse.
Your conscience keeps reminding you, it keeps blaming you.
Even if you are about to die, you know that you shouldn't do this.
Then don't force yourself.
Just wait and wait.
Slow down.
Don't force yourself to do this.
Because if you do this, not only will it make you more mature, but it will make you more injured, your conscience will be more numb, your heart will be more confused.
Do something.
I will give you an example.
I believe you will have the same change with me.
For example, when I went out this morning or when I was going to check-in at night, if I didn't get anything, it would send a signal saying, what did I miss?
What did I miss?
It would always remind me of something.
Sometimes, I would calm down.
I would think about it and check if I got anything.
If I didn't get anything, I would tell you that I really didn't get anything.
Usually, it's my iPad.
But sometimes, I'm too nervous.
For example, it's too late.
I have to leave quickly.
Is it a few times?
I rushed into the scene of the dance check.
I'm sorry, I forgot to bring my iPad.
I ignored the warning.
You have to listen to the voice in your heart.
The power of this voice is actually very big.
So, everyone, you have to understand.
The strongman doesn't want to crush the weak.
What does the weak need to pay attention to?
Don't be under pressure.
You must know that when you go out of pressure to imitate and do things that you don't want to do, God can't get the glory.
And He doesn't want you to do this.
The main glory is based on confidence and sincerity.
Do you remember the woman of Samaria?
Jesus told her what to do, what to do, and what to do with the spirit and sincerity.
If there is no real, there is no one who works for the Holy Spirit, that is, the worship of the Holy Spirit, you are under pressure, under a kind of spiritual evil, then your worship, you are doing it, there is no meaning, it is not necessary to be honored.
In some things, it is indeed the freedom of the Shuhu Capital, so the senior enjoy this freedom.
But if you don't have enough confidence in your conscience, you should take pleasure and tranquility, and cure yourself temporarily.
All people who are more confident at this time, this is when you show the contents of the 14 chapters.
Respect.
I give you this space.
I understand that you need this space, because these are irresponsible questions.
Don't try to be like, hey, I have to combine.
I have to pay attention.
Don't show it to others differently.
Don't exert pressure.
Don't exert this fake harmony.
So there are two characteristics of real progress.
The first is to stand in front of the god.
The second is to stand in the conscience.
One is stable.
One is positive.
You don't have a sense of responsibility.
It's very important.
Paul's balanced teaching immediately appeared to look at the first section of chapter 23.
He said, if there is doubt, there is sin.
Because it is not out of confidence.
This is what I just said.
Look, if a disciple is not sure if his conscience is not good, and thinks that this matter may be wrong, and he is holding his head to do it, then it is not out of confidence, then he is guilty.
Please continue.
Chapter 23, chapter B, the second sentence.
is not out of confidence, it is all a sin.
John John is very strong in this teaching.
In other words, confidence is not just the position we accept in our mouth, it is also the movement and origin of our feet.
If your action is not from confidence, even if the surface looks nothing, if the surface looks nothing, this behavior is in line with God's request.
But in your mind, lost in front of God, the right movement,
The essence of politics has fallen into sin.
Don't forget that people look at people by their actions.
The gods look at people by their hearts.
This time, I remind you that the 14th chapter of the book of Romans is not necessary to have justice.
It is not necessary to have justice.
The Holy Spirit did not use the same clear and exact way to tie everyone's conscience inside a demon.
Don't comment on these things.
Pay attention.
Is it that these non-religious problems have nothing to do with the police?
Can we not put non-religious problems in the context of non-religious problems?
We can't.
Why?
The problem itself is a problem.
The solution is to allow space
But why can't it be equal to nothing?
Because the way to deal with these problems is to designate whether it is appropriate or not.
This is very important.
If you deal with love, peace, harmony, and a kind of mutual understanding, you will know that your behavior itself is making you happy.
Taoshan Xi Yue is Shun Cong.
Shun Cong is pursuing the holy festival.
Seeking the holy festival must be in your life.
How can it be a small thing?
How can it be an irrelevant thing?
It's not irrelevant.
It's not big, but it's meaningful, but it's important.
Do you understand?
It's meaningful that we pay attention to our spiritual focus and focus on the way we deal with it.
It is the core of our community, the core of education.
It is the core of how we deal with problems.
There must be a contradiction.
There will always be a contradiction.
But we are not afraid of having a contradiction, we are afraid of not being able to deal with it.
Do you understand?
So this is an important point.
So the guarantee is not to lower the standard of our smooth upper-world language.
On the contrary, he taught us how to be loyal to unnecessary things, to have a position, and to have love and compassion.
It's easy to teach those principles.
The main power of the capital, the harmony of the church, and the salvation of the people, the clear and transparent understanding and propaganda of this love, and so on, all of them are steadily loyal to each other.
If there is an external order, what is the internal order?
What is the external order?
It is the external order.
What is the internal order?
It is the internal order.
In a church, if it is always because of the external order, how can it be defeated?
I tell you, most of the contradictions are the external order.
Because the problem of the external order is that most of the people do not dare to judge.
The majority of the influence of the meeting brought chaos to the people.
This part of the problem was broken and left empty.
So we had a chance to argue and debate.
This is the external order of the broken meeting.
What is the impact?
The impact is the core key.
What is the core key?
The echo of the voice.
This is the main point of our relationship with God.
So, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please,
For those of us who are more confident, you can take N to enjoy your freedom, but you must let love always be in front of freedom.
You should thank God for the freedom that has been changed for you, for the freedom that you have bought.
You don't have to accept it because of your pure conscience, accept it for your own benefit, and accept it for yourself.
Do you understand?
If your conscience is free, don't blame yourself for enjoying freedom.
Of course, at the same time, you have to pay attention to not letting the freedom of enjoyment be limited to people falling down in half an hour.
Is that fair?
No one is going to kill each other, but both of them can exist at the same time.
This is the time to test our wisdom.
For us,
Don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid,
And in your mind, you are clearly saying that when something is wrong, you are imbued with unaccountable punishment, but you are ashamed and guilty.
You are indecisive and unstable.
You are able to restore your responsibility and return to your capital city.
This is the result of your failure.
So you must stick to yourself at this time.
You have to practice the courage to be honest.
You have to be clear in front of the master.
The master allows me not to do that.
I respect you, too.
At the same time, don't be stronger than you with confidence.
Use my weak standard.
When his standard, you all have to obey me.
This is to pay attention.
You can't do this.
Instead, we should continue to learn and continue to work hard under the guidance of God, to accept the Buddha, to accept the teaching, to grow and to be weak.
So the correct way is to run in the capital, to grow and to be strong in the capital, instead of using your own standards to be a strong person.
For the whole church, dear friends and sisters, we are not divided into strong and weak faith.
Please remember every one of you in the meeting.
Tell us in the meeting what we should do.
What is God doing?
God is creating a great thing.
This great thing is the construction of life.
This great and eternal project is not about whether we have the same taste.
Can we eat the same food?
Is there a same number?
and form a unified one.
If the knot is to be held, the knot does not need to be held.
It is not on these issues.
It is building a group of its people.
It is building a group
with the background of different personalities, personality, and growth, and so on.
That is, your ex-girlfriend, Liu Yongzi.
A little bit of discrimination, updates us, supports us, changes us, creates us.
This is what God is doing.
Since it is so, there is no partial number, no right, anything that can be justified is worthy of us to fight and destroy God's work.
So we don't need to protect our pride, but we should protect each other in the growth of the record.
We should pursue
It is a matter of creating harmony with each other, because this is exactly what the capital should look like when it comes to the people.
It is also the appearance of the light that should be released in Niu's life when the voice of the talisman is heard.
In short, we have finished talking about the 14 chapters.
The 14 chapters have always brought us back to the most real, the most fundamental point.
Jesus Christ is our common master.
We are all the servants of Jesus Christ, and we are not the people of the other side.
We have a common master.
He is the only one who has the conscience of the judge to spare our lives and to buy us the power and grace that every one of us can do.
If you can't do it, you should humble yourself.
This means that on the matter of non-primary responsibility,
Don't act like a god.
Use the way of the Buddha and the holy scriptures to build each other on the matter of principle.
So, our contradictions are divided into two categories, aren't they?
Are our problems the problem of principle and not the problem of principle?
God has covered all kinds of ways to solve them one by one.
This kind of teaching should be a continuous teaching, a healthy teaching.
Since Jesus Christ did not invite us to do anything, we should not invite each other.
Since Jesus Christ is willing to be our witness, we should learn to be each other's witness.
We should learn to look after ourselves through the service, to look after others through the service, to look after ourselves through the heart of Jesus Christ, to look after each other.
Everyone, when we leave the church today,
Please remember this.
Let love control our freedom.
Let love always be in front of freedom.
Don't use the way of showing freedom to the weak.
Don't build personal needs into the rules of education.
should not be in a place where God has freedom to mix with this freedom, to respect the freedom that is left on the ground.
When we guard the main time and use the correct way to deal with the problem, our teachings must be harmonious, must be holy, must be harmonious.
This is a teaching taught by God.
Please remember that God's country does not care about eating and drinking, but cares about justice and peace, and is in the Holy Spirit.
Xi Le.
When we fail, please don't doubt it.
We must have a contradiction.
We must fail.
When this kind of thing, this kind of moment, happens, please remember, don't retreat.
Don't be afraid.
Don't be shy.
Don't be awkward.
When this kind of thing happens, isn't this the chance to give us a chance to copy the 14 teachings?
We must run to God.
We must quickly admit our mistakes.
I tell you, any person who has committed a crime must have forgiveness.
Anyone who has committed a crime must have forgiveness.
Those who have committed a mistake must be forgiven immediately.
Those who truly love their brothers and sisters, those who truly love their brothers and sisters must have forgiveness.
He is willing to help us, to expand our patience, to expand our tolerance, and at the same time, to give us the ability to celebrate Christmas, to pursue the desire to celebrate Christmas, and to honor and create our church.
He wants to give us a soft, sensitive heart, that is, a heart of meat, not a heart of stone.
It gives us a more and more clear, transparent, beautiful, and soft-hearted body.
At the same time, the heart of this body needs to become more and more courageous in front of it, strong, and strong, so that it can be handed over in front of it.
Back to our daily life,
From today to the next week, the seven days, please help us to learn these principles.
Help us to think through these things, how should I treat others?
How should I let the incantation stay in the incantation position?
Let's pray.
We need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change, we need to change
Amen.